Update readme (#8)
kyma-incubator/terraform-provider-gardener: examples/README.md

# Gardener Provider Examples

> 

Reviewer: ```suggestion
## Overview
```

Author: applied change

> This directory contains a set of examples of using gardener services to deploy clusters of 3 different providers [aws](https://github.com/kyma-incubator/terraform-provider-gardener/tree/master/examples/aws), [gcp](https://github.com/kyma-incubator/terraform-provider-gardener/tree/master/examples/gcp) and [azure](https://github.com/kyma-incubator/terraform-provider-gardener/tree/master/examples/azure).The examples have their own README, but all of them have a common provider section of the configuration which is as follows:

Reviewer: ```suggestion
This folder contains a set of examples which use Gardener services to deploy [aws](https://github.com/kyma-incubator/terraform-provider-gardener/tree/master/examples/aws), [gcp](https://github.com/kyma-incubator/terraform-provider-gardener/tree/master/examples/gcp) and [azure](https://github.com/kyma-incubator/terraform-provider-gardener/tree/master/examples/azure) clusters. Although the configurations for these providers differ, they have the following common section:
```

Author: applied change

```bash
provider "gardener" {
  profile            = "<my-gardener-project>"
  <provider>_secret_binding = "<my-gardener-<provider>-secret>"
  kube_path          = "<my-gardener-service-account-kubeconfig>"
}
```

> The profile is the profile you want to deploy to in gardener. The <provider>_secret_binding is the provider secret binding defined for the profile that you want to use (there could be more than one secret per provider for a profile).kube_path is the path for the kubeConfig file of the service bot of the profile. 

Reviewer: ```suggestion
This section includes the following parameters:
* **profile** - the profile you want to deploy to in gardener. 
* **<provider>_secret_binding** - the provider secret binding defined for the profile that you want to use. There might be more than one secret per provider for a profile.
* **kube_path** - the path for the kubeconfig file of the service bot of the profile. 
```

> To run any example, clone the repository and run `terraform apply` within the example's own directory.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
## Installation
Follow these steps to run an example:
1. Clone the `terraform-provider-gardener` repository.
2. Go to `terraform-provider-gardener/examples/{example_name}`.
3. Run  `terraform apply`. 
```

Author: applied change
